content/activiteiten/2024-07-14/actiepicknick.en.md, before:

---
title: "🥗✊🔻Zaan Antifascist Action Picnic - with a live gig by Your Local Pirates!! 🔻✊🥗"
date: 2024-07-05
event_start_date: 2024-07-14
event_end_date: 
event_start_time: "2.00 pm"
event_end_time: 
location: "Burgermeester in 't Veldpark, Zaandam"
summary: ""
tags: ["antifacism", "antifa", "picnic"]
layout: event
type: event
---

**With a live gig by [Your Local Pirates](https://yourlocalpirates.noblogs.org/)!**

On Sunday 14 July at 2.00 pm there'll be the first Zaan Antifascist Action Picnic. As good an occasion as any for activists in the Zaan region and beyond to meet up, learn from one another, and just hang out and chat. With coffee, tea, stickers, vegan snacks, rugs, quiet corners, zines, a live gig by [Your Local Pirates](https://yourlocalpirates.noblogs.org/), nice people, plenty to chat about, and potentially even some good weather.

The picnic is held in the Veldpark in Zaandam, near the water next to the skate park at the Heijermansstraat. You'll be able to spot the site from its Palestinian and antifascist flags.

Are you travelling by public transport? The picnic location is at walking distance from Zaans Medisch Centrum, which can be reached with plenty of bus lines (details below).

Potluck style: bring along something to drink or snack if you can (preferably vegan)!

## Getting there by public transport
- Bus 64 to Zaandam Kogerveld, exit at the stop Zaans Medisch Centrum
- Bus 65 to De Vlinder, exit at the stop Zaans Medisch Centrum
- Bus 69 to Krommenie, exit at the stop Zaans Medisch Centrum

## Accessibility

### Location
The location itself is on the grass, about 30 meters from a paved footpath. Parking available within 200 meters and accessible without steps.

### Sound
The location is in a public park, at some distance from a busy road. There won’t be any English sign language interpreter available, but we're happy to use speech-to-text (such as Google Live Transcribe) or other written communication.

### Vision
Participants are happy to help describe what’s available, where everything is located, and how to get there. There won’t be any Braille texts available.

What would help you make the picnic more accessible? Let us know!

Contact: zaansverzet@proton.me

<iframe width="425" height="350" src="https://www.openstreetmap.org/export/embed.html?bbox=4.824725389480592%2C52.449484150090775%2C4.829204678535462%2C52.45150786330419&amp;layer=mapnik" style="border: 1px solid black"></iframe><br/><small><a href="https://www.openstreetmap.org/#map=18/52.45050/4.82697&amp;layers=N">View a larger map</a></small>

Commit message:

Add flyer to picnic agenda item

content/activiteiten/2024-07-14/actiepicknick.en.md, after:

---
title: "🥗✊🔻Zaan Antifascist Action Picnic - with a live gig by Your Local Pirates!! 🔻✊🥗"
date: 2024-07-05
event_start_date: 2024-07-14
event_end_date: 
event_start_time: "2.00 pm"
event_end_time: 
location: "Burgermeester in 't Veldpark, Zaandam"
summary: ""
tags: ["antifacism", "antifa", "picnic"]
layout: event
type: event
---

![Flyer with information about the Zaan Antifascist Action Picnic on 14 July, at 2.00 pm in the Veldpark](/img/zaanse-actiepicknick_2024-07-14.jpeg)

**With a live gig by [Your Local Pirates](https://yourlocalpirates.noblogs.org/)!**

On Sunday 14 July at 2.00 pm there'll be the first Zaan Antifascist Action Picnic. As good an occasion as any for activists in the Zaan region and beyond to meet up, learn from one another, and just hang out and chat. With coffee, tea, stickers, vegan snacks, rugs, quiet corners, zines, a live gig by [Your Local Pirates](https://yourlocalpirates.noblogs.org/), nice people, plenty to chat about, and potentially even some good weather.

The picnic is held in the Veldpark in Zaandam, near the water next to the skate park at the Heijermansstraat. You'll be able to spot the site from its Palestinian and antifascist flags.

Are you travelling by public transport? The picnic location is at walking distance from Zaans Medisch Centrum, which can be reached with plenty of bus lines (details below).

Potluck style: bring along something to drink or snack if you can (preferably vegan)!

## Getting there by public transport
- Bus 64 to Zaandam Kogerveld, exit at the stop Zaans Medisch Centrum
- Bus 65 to De Vlinder, exit at the stop Zaans Medisch Centrum
- Bus 69 to Krommenie, exit at the stop Zaans Medisch Centrum

## Accessibility

### Location
The location itself is on the grass, about 30 meters from a paved footpath. Parking available within 200 meters and accessible without steps.

### Sound
The location is in a public park, at some distance from a busy road. There won’t be any English sign language interpreter available, but we're happy to use speech-to-text (such as Google Live Transcribe) or other written communication.

### Vision
Participants are happy to help describe what’s available, where everything is located, and how to get there. There won’t be any Braille texts available.

What would help you make the picnic more accessible? Let us know!

Contact: zaansverzet@proton.me

<iframe width="425" height="350" src="https://www.openstreetmap.org/export/embed.html?bbox=4.824725389480592%2C52.449484150090775%2C4.829204678535462%2C52.45150786330419&amp;layer=mapnik" style="border: 1px solid black"></iframe><br/><small><a href="https://www.openstreetmap.org/#map=18/52.45050/4.82697&amp;layers=N">View a larger map</a></small>
