content/palestina/index.en.md, before:

---
title: "Zaankanters for Palestine"
description: "..."
---

![](/img/zaankanters-voor-palestina.jpg)

## About

Zaankanters for Palestine works together on actions for Palestine in the Zaan region.

Since 7 October 2023, the Israeli occupier in Palestine has brutally murdered more than 34,356 people (last updated: 26 April 2024).

**That is equivalent to killing 21.50% of all residents of Zaanstad.**

<!-- 159,806 inhabitants of Zaanstad on 31 January 2023 -->

The occupying forces have destroyed entire residential areas and have made agricultural land unusable.

This can't and shouldn't be allowed to continue. This can't and mustn't go unpunished. We say:

- Ceasefire now
- Boycott Israel
- End the occupation

People in the Zaan region stand in solidarity with the people of Palestine.

Ideas for actions are welcome. If you want to do something together at your school, at work, or in your neighbourhood, please contact us.

## Protection

Have you been harassed at school, at your workplace, or on the street because you stand up for Palestine? Please also contact us. Then we will see whether we can do something about this together.

## Liberation tour 

In the run-up to Liberation Day, there'll be a liberation tour with flyer- and poster actions, with the slogan: No one is free, until Palestine is free. [More information about the liberation tour.](/content/bevrijdingstoer/bevrijdingstoer.en.md)

## Agenda

<!-- ### 25 Jan: Sit-in for a ceasefire
Thursday 25 January 2024, 6pm  
Zaandam station, Zaandam

### 1 Feb: Sit-in for a ceasefire
Thursday 1 February 2024, 6pm  
Zaandam station, Zaandam

### 8 Feb: Sit-in for a ceasefire
Thursday 8 February 2024, 6pm  
Zaandam station, Zaandam 

### 15 Feb: Sit-in for a ceasefire
Thursday 15 February 2024, 6pm  
Zaandam station, Zaandam

### 22 Feb: Sit-in for a ceasefire
Thursday 22 February 2024, 6pm  
Zaandam station, Zaandam

### 26 feb: Remembering the February strike

![Flyer for the 2024 commemoration of the February strike, with the text (in Dutch): "Remember the February strike. Resistance! Against genocide. Then in the Netherlands, now in Palestine. February 26, 9.30 am, Wilhelminabrug Zaandam"](/img/februaristaking.jpg)

Monday 26 February 2024, 9.30am   
Wilhelminabrug, Zaandam 

In 1941, tens of thousands of workers in Zaandam went on strike. They resisted the persecution of Jewish fellow citizens. These were persecuted and murdered by the occupying forces.

Israel is currently perpetrating genocide. Palestinian citizens are persecuted and murdered by the 
Israeli occupier.

The February strikers revolted. That was the right thing to do.

Now it's our turn to do the right thing. Demand the liberation of Palestine!

Let's together commemorate the February strike. Bring a flower.

### 29 Feb: Sit-in for a ceasefire
Thursday 29 February 2024, 6pm  
Zaandam station, Zaandam

### 7 Mar: Sit-in for a ceasefire
Thursday 7 March 2024, 6pm  
Zaandam station, Zaandam 

### 14 March: Sit-in for a ceasefire
Thursday 14 March 2024, 5-6pm  
Zaandam station, Zaandam

### 21 March: Sit-in for a ceasefire
Thursday 21 March 2024, 5-6pm  
Zaandam station, Zaandam

### 28 March: Sit-in for a ceasefire
Thursday 28 March 2024, 5-6pm  
Zaandam station, Zaandam 

### 4 April: Sit-in for a ceasefire
Thursday 4 April 2024, 5.30-6.30pm  
Zaandam station, Zaandam

### 11 April: Sit-in for a ceasefire
Thursday 11 April 2024, 5.30-6.30pm  
Zaandam station, Zaandam -->

### 18 April: Sit-in for a ceasefire
Thursday 18 April 2024, 5:30-6:30 pm  
Zaandam station, Zaandam

### 19 April: Liberation Day tour
Friday 19 April 2024, 1:30-2:30 pm  
Near Sultan Ahmet Mosque, Poelenburg, Zaandam

### 20 April: Liberation Day tour
Saturday 20 April 2024, 11:00 am-12:00 noon   
Near AH Julianaplein, near Zaans Medisch Centrum, Zaandam

Saturday 20 April 2024, 12:30-1:30 pm  
Near grocery store Köşem, Vijfhoek, Zaandam

Saturday 20 April 2024, 2:00-3:00 pm  
Gedempte gracht, City centre, Zaandam

### 25 April: Sit-in for a ceasefire
Thursday 25 April 2024, 5:30-6:30pm  
Zaandam station, Zaandam

### 27 April: Liberation Day tour
Saturday 27 April, 11:00 am-12:00 noon  
Shopping area Westerwatering, Zaandam

Saturday 27 April, 12:30-1:30 pm  
Dam, Zaandam

### 2 May: Sit-in for a ceasefire
Thursday 2 May 2024, 5:30-6:30pm  
Zaandam station, Zaandam

### 4 May: Liberation Day tour
Saturday 4 May, 11:00 am-12:00 noon  
Near AH Vrieschgroenstraat, Zaandam

Saturday 4 May, 12:30-1:30 pm  
Shopping area Gibraltar, Zaandam

Saturday 4 May, 2:00-3:00 pm  
Gedempte gracht, City centre, Zaandam

Commit message:

Update Palestine NL/EN pages to link to agenda

content/palestina/index.en.md, after:

---
title: "Zaankanters for Palestine"
description: "..."
---

![](/img/zaankanters-voor-palestina.jpg)

## About

Zaankanters for Palestine works together on actions for Palestine in the Zaan region.

Since 7 October 2023, the Israeli occupier in Palestine has brutally murdered more than 34,356 people (last updated: 26 April 2024).

**That is equivalent to killing 21.50% of all residents of Zaanstad.**

<!-- 159,806 inhabitants of Zaanstad on 31 January 2023 -->

The occupying forces have destroyed entire residential areas and have made agricultural land unusable.

This can't and shouldn't be allowed to continue. This can't and mustn't go unpunished. We say:

- Ceasefire now
- Boycott Israel
- End the occupation

People in the Zaan region stand in solidarity with the people of Palestine.

Ideas for actions are welcome. If you want to do something together at your school, at work, or in your neighbourhood, please contact us.

## Protection

Have you been harassed at school, at your workplace, or on the street because you stand up for Palestine? Please also contact us. Then we will see whether we can do something about this together.

<!-- ## Liberation tour 

In the run-up to Liberation Day, there'll be a liberation tour with flyer- and poster actions, with the slogan: No one is free, until Palestine is free. [More information about the liberation tour.](/content/bevrijdingstoer/bevrijdingstoer.en.md) -->

## Activities

Would you like to take part in activities in support of Palestina? Or just like to check it out sometime? You're always very welcome to joing. For upcoming activities, see the [agenda](/content/agenda/_index.en.md).

<!-- ### 25 Jan: Sit-in for a ceasefire
Thursday 25 January 2024, 6pm  
Zaandam station, Zaandam

### 1 Feb: Sit-in for a ceasefire
Thursday 1 February 2024, 6pm  
Zaandam station, Zaandam

### 8 Feb: Sit-in for a ceasefire
Thursday 8 February 2024, 6pm  
Zaandam station, Zaandam 

### 15 Feb: Sit-in for a ceasefire
Thursday 15 February 2024, 6pm  
Zaandam station, Zaandam

### 22 Feb: Sit-in for a ceasefire
Thursday 22 February 2024, 6pm  
Zaandam station, Zaandam

### 26 feb: Remembering the February strike

![Flyer for the 2024 commemoration of the February strike, with the text (in Dutch): "Remember the February strike. Resistance! Against genocide. Then in the Netherlands, now in Palestine. February 26, 9.30 am, Wilhelminabrug Zaandam"](/img/februaristaking.jpg)

Monday 26 February 2024, 9.30am   
Wilhelminabrug, Zaandam 

In 1941, tens of thousands of workers in Zaandam went on strike. They resisted the persecution of Jewish fellow citizens. These were persecuted and murdered by the occupying forces.

Israel is currently perpetrating genocide. Palestinian citizens are persecuted and murdered by the 
Israeli occupier.

The February strikers revolted. That was the right thing to do.

Now it's our turn to do the right thing. Demand the liberation of Palestine!

Let's together commemorate the February strike. Bring a flower.

### 29 Feb: Sit-in for a ceasefire
Thursday 29 February 2024, 6pm  
Zaandam station, Zaandam

### 7 Mar: Sit-in for a ceasefire
Thursday 7 March 2024, 6pm  
Zaandam station, Zaandam 

### 14 March: Sit-in for a ceasefire
Thursday 14 March 2024, 5-6pm  
Zaandam station, Zaandam

### 21 March: Sit-in for a ceasefire
Thursday 21 March 2024, 5-6pm  
Zaandam station, Zaandam

### 28 March: Sit-in for a ceasefire
Thursday 28 March 2024, 5-6pm  
Zaandam station, Zaandam 

### 4 April: Sit-in for a ceasefire
Thursday 4 April 2024, 5.30-6.30pm  
Zaandam station, Zaandam

### 11 April: Sit-in for a ceasefire
Thursday 11 April 2024, 5.30-6.30pm  
Zaandam station, Zaandam -->

<!-- ### 18 April: Sit-in for a ceasefire
Thursday 18 April 2024, 5:30-6:30 pm  
Zaandam station, Zaandam

### 19 April: Liberation Day tour
Friday 19 April 2024, 1:30-2:30 pm  
Near Sultan Ahmet Mosque, Poelenburg, Zaandam

### 20 April: Liberation Day tour
Saturday 20 April 2024, 11:00 am-12:00 noon   
Near AH Julianaplein, near Zaans Medisch Centrum, Zaandam

Saturday 20 April 2024, 12:30-1:30 pm  
Near grocery store Köşem, Vijfhoek, Zaandam

Saturday 20 April 2024, 2:00-3:00 pm  
Gedempte gracht, City centre, Zaandam

### 25 April: Sit-in for a ceasefire
Thursday 25 April 2024, 5:30-6:30pm  
Zaandam station, Zaandam

### 27 April: Liberation Day tour
Saturday 27 April, 11:00 am-12:00 noon  
Shopping area Westerwatering, Zaandam

Saturday 27 April, 12:30-1:30 pm  
Dam, Zaandam

### 2 May: Sit-in for a ceasefire
Thursday 2 May 2024, 5:30-6:30pm  
Zaandam station, Zaandam

### 4 May: Liberation Day tour
Saturday 4 May, 11:00 am-12:00 noon  
Near AH Vrieschgroenstraat, Zaandam

Saturday 4 May, 12:30-1:30 pm  
Shopping area Gibraltar, Zaandam

Saturday 4 May, 2:00-3:00 pm  
Gedempte gracht, City centre, Zaandam -->
