content/bevrijdingstoer/bevrijdingstoer.en.md, before:

---
title: "Liberation tour"
description: "Stand up for the liberation of Palestine"
date: 2024-04-03
tags: ["Palestine", "Liberation Day", "freedom"]
url: /en/palestina/bevrijdingstoer
---

![Photo of the facade of a house, with a bicycle parked in front of it. Behind the window is a poster of a red fist against a black background, with the text: 'No one is free until Palestine is free'](/img/niemand-is-vrij_raamposter.jpg)

## About

5 May is Liberation Day. In the Netherlands, that is when we celebrate freedom.

But what is there to celebrate?

Israel is currently committing genocide in Gaza. With support from the Netherlands. The Netherlands contributes to the persecution, killing and starvation of innocent civilians.

This has got to stop. Halt the genocide now, instead of having to commemorate it later.

Stand up for the liberation of Palestine!

On Liberation Day, fly the Palestinian flag or hang the liberation poster in your window.

There is no freedom to celebrate, as long as Palestine is occupied.

## Liberation tour agenda

_New locations and times will be added continuously._

{{< bevrijdingstoeragenda-en >}}

Commit message:

Add EN image download, adjust wording EN/NL

content/bevrijdingstoer/bevrijdingstoer.en.md, after:

---
title: "Liberation tour: No on is free, until Palestine is free"
description: "Stand up for the liberation of Palestine"
date: 2024-04-03
tags: ["Palestine", "Liberation Day", "freedom"]
url: /en/palestina/bevrijdingstoer
---

![Photo of the facade of a house, with a bicycle parked in front of it. Behind the window is a poster of a red fist against a black background, with the text: 'No one is free until Palestine is free'](/img/niemand-is-vrij_raamposter.jpg)

## About

5 May is Liberation Day. In the Netherlands, that is when we celebrate freedom.

But what is there to celebrate?

Israel is currently committing genocide in Gaza. With support from the Netherlands. The Netherlands contributes to the persecution, killing and starvation of innocent civilians.

This has got to stop. Halt the genocide now, instead of having to commemorate it later.

Stand up for the liberation of Palestine!

On Liberation Day, fly the Palestinian flag or hang the liberation poster in your window.

There is no freedom to celebrate, as long as Palestine is occupied.

## Liberation tour agenda

At the following locations and times you can pick up free liberation posters and flyers to hang in your window, do a postering round in your area, or distribute further.

{{< bevrijdingstoeragenda-en >}}

## Download the image

{{< bevrijdingsposter-afbeelding-en >}}
