content/bevrijdingstoer/bevrijdingstoer-organisatie.en.md, before:

---
title: "Liberation tour 2024"
description: "Stand up for the liberation of Palestine"
date: 2024-04-03
tags: ["Palestine", "Liberation Day", "freedom"]
url: /en/palestina/bevrijdingstoer-organisatie
---

![Photo of the facade of a house, with a bicycle parked in front of it. Behind the window is a poster of a red fist against a black background, with the text: 'No one is free until Palestine is free'](/img/niemand-is-vrij_raamposter.jpg)

## About

5 May is Liberation Day. That's when, in the Netherlands, we celebrate freedom.

But what is there to celebrate?

Israel is currently committing genocide in Gaza. With support from the Netherlands. The Netherlands contributes to the persecution, killing and starvation of innocent civilians.

This has got to stop. 

Stand up for the liberation of Palestine. Take part in the Liberation Tour 2024!

In the run-up to 5 May, distribute liberation posters and flyers in your own town, so that people can hang these up in solidarity with the Palestinian liberation.

No one is free until Palestine is free.

## Take part

How can you take part in the Liberation tour?

1. **Order** the free liberation [posters](https://derodelap.nl/product/palestinavrij-poster/) and [flyers](https://derodelap.nl/product/vrij-palestina-flyers/) (shipping costs only).
2. **Choose** one or more dates between now and 5 May on which you would like to distribute your liberation posters and flyers locally.
3. **Register** your action(s) as part of the Liberation tour agenda, using the following [registration form](#register-your-action). (optional)

You're all set! 🎉

### Register your action

{{< bevrijdingstoer-form-en >}}

## Liberation tour agenda

_New locations and times will be added continuously._

{{< bevrijdingstoeragenda-en >}}

Commit message:

Add EN image download, adjust wording EN/NL

content/bevrijdingstoer/bevrijdingstoer-organisatie.en.md, after:

---
title: "Liberation tour: No on is free, until Palestine is free (organisation)"
description: "Stand up for the liberation of Palestine"
date: 2024-04-03
tags: ["Palestine", "Liberation Day", "freedom"]
url: /en/palestina/bevrijdingstoer-organisatie
---

![Photo of the facade of a house, with a bicycle parked in front of it. Behind the window is a poster of a red fist against a black background, with the text (in Dutch): 'No one is free until Palestine is free'](/img/niemand-is-vrij_raamposter.jpg)

## About

5 May is Liberation Day. That's when, in the Netherlands, we celebrate freedom.

But what is there to celebrate?

Israel is currently committing genocide in Gaza. With support from the Netherlands. The Netherlands contributes to the persecution, killing and starvation of innocent civilians.

This has got to stop. 

Stand up for the liberation of Palestine. Take part in the Liberation Tour 2024!

In the run-up to 5 May, distribute liberation posters and -flyers in your own town, so that people can hang these up in solidarity with the Palestinian liberation. Or do a postering round yourself.

No one is free until Palestine is free.

## Take part

How can you take part in the liberation tour?

1. **Order** the free liberation [posters](https://derodelap.nl/product/palestinavrij-poster/) and [flyers](https://derodelap.nl/product/vrij-palestina-flyers/) (shipping costs only, minimum order of 50 items). Or [download the image](#download-the-image) to print it yourself.
2. **Choose** one or more dates between now and 5 May on which you're going to distribute your liberation posters and flyers locally.
3. **Register** your action(s) as part of the liberation tour agenda, using the following [registration form](#register-your-action). (_optional_)

You're all set! 🎉

### Register your action

{{< bevrijdingstoer-form-en >}}

## Liberation tour agenda

Liberation posters and -flyers will be handed out at the following locations and times, for people to hang in their windows or in public places.

Is your action not yet listed? [Register it here!](#register-your-action)

{{< bevrijdingstoeragenda-en >}}

## Download the image

{{< bevrijdingsposter-afbeelding-en >}}
